# Join-one-of-the-Fastest-Growing-High-Technology-Companies-in-the-US-
Product Leaders are a key part of the pre-sales team, working directly with our insurance Account Leaders and Client Partners.  Working collaboratively with the team, the Product Leader  will be instrumental in identifying, qualifying, and developing Customer opportunities, will foster keen market and industry awareness, and will develop a comprehensive understanding of the local and global competitive landscape. The Product Leader will build credible high-level technical relationships with senior IT executives in existing and potential Cognizant customers. The Product Specialist will understand Customer’s business objectives, as well as technical and business challenges, then identify and competitively position relevant Cognizant solutions and technical capabilities.  The Product Leader will partner with Cognizant account leadership on customer visits, workshops, and related pursuit activities and will be the initial Customer interface to Cognizant solutions, offerings and technical capabilities during the sales process. In collaboration with Cognizant technical and solution architects, the Product Leader facilitates ongoing Customer solution development, including workshops, proof-of-concepts, and proposals. The Product Specialist will also collaborate with local account teams from our partners/vendors as needed for the benefit our mutual customers.  The Product Leader will function as a trusted advisor to insurers for P&amp;C transformation programs, right from business case preparation, product selection till implementation roadmap. The individual is expected to play significant role in the pre-sales stage, but should be ready to function as Business Solutions Manager as appropriate.  Key Accountabilities include:   Discovery •        Build relationships and technical credibility with senior IT executives at current and potential customers through conversation and discovery activities. •        Nurture partner relationships. •        Work with P&amp;C insurance leaders on account planning. •        Participate in market visibility and marketing activities. •        Communicate on trends in technology and innovation, including Cognizant original research, to both customers and P&amp;C insurance leaders  Realize •        Investigate customer business goals, need, pain and benefits. •        Evaluate and articulate a high-level alignment between customer’s goals and challenges and the value CTS has provided to similar customer and/or needs •        Provide pre-qualification expertise to the client account leadership team to evaluate customer business needs relative to CTS capabilities and solutions  Expand •        Facilitate additional discovery and scoping conversation for the solution. •        Drive shared vision and scope for solution presented to customer. •        Coordinate CTS technical and solution architects to develop the shape of a solution. •        Assess business value and contribute to development of business case and mapping to technical solutions. •        Ensure customer buy-in and alignment with solution being considered  Proposal / Technical Management •        Coordinate CTS technical and solution architects for the production of the proposal/response •        Provide “voice of the customer” in solution refinement in relation to requirements, scope and business value. •        Manage overall proposal quality, alignment, value and relevance, including internal quality reviews •        Present proposed solution to various levels within a customer's organization •        Coordinate any further refinement or tailoring of the solution based on customer feedback. •        Facilitate a smooth transition from opportunity sales to project delivery •        Maintain customer and project visibility through regular project checkpoints/status.  Innovation •        Provide direction to new and updated solutions based on customer knowledge and market experience •        Participate in CTS innovation events to map customer needs and challenges to emerging technologies and pre-release technologies  Desired Candidate Qualifications: •        P&amp;C insurance expertise, ideally in commercial/specialty lines. •        Thorough knowledge of and experience with at least one of these products – Guide Wire, Duck Creek, Exigen, TIG, One Shield etc. •        Must have end-to-end experience with one or many P&amp;C Transformation programs. •        Experience in technical pre-sales support •        Experience leading and developing teams. •        History of developing and maintaining successful customer or stakeholder relationships •        Experience across all phases of a project methodology and solution development life cycle at the enterprise level.  
